INSTALLING RMUTT

REQUIREMENTS

The precompiled binary for Windows contains everything you need.  You
don't need to compile it or download any other packages, so you can
skip ahead in this document to USING RMUTT.

Compiling rmutt requires flex and bison as well as POSIX regex
support.  These are standard in virtually all Linux distributions, but
may need to be downloaded from a GNU archive for other UNIX systems.
GNU packages can be downloaded from

ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/

or one of its mirrors.  Cygwin has its own way of downloading packages;
for details go to

http://sources.redhat.com/cygwin/

COMPILING RMUTT

Under UNIX or Cygwin, just unpack the archive, and enter the resulting
directory:

	gunzip -c rmutt.tar.gz | tar x
	cd rmutt

Now edit the Makefile; inside the Makefile are instructions for how to
modify it to work under Cygwin.  For UNIX variants other than Linux,
you're on your own.  Once you've edited the Makefile, run the
following command:

	make

If there are no problems, the directory should now contain an rmutt
executable which you can copy anywhere you want.  Right now there are
no tests for rmutt but they will be included in a later release.

USING RMUTT

To use the precompiled Windows executable, unpack the .zip file and
open up the Windows command prompt.  Enter the directory containing
rmutt.exe and the Cygwin DLL.  You should be able to run rmutt.exe
from the command line.  Don't move the executable into another
directory without also moving the DLL along with it.

Using rmutt under UNIX or Cygwin is simpler; just make sure the
executable is in your path, or type ./rmutt if you're in the same
directory as the executable.

COMMAND-LINE SYNTAX

rmutt accepts a grammar as an input. If you have a file with an rmutt
grammar on it, you can mention it on the command line like this:

	rmutt myfile.rm

If you want to save the output to a file you can simply redirect it:

	rmutt myfile.rm > myoutputfile

If you have a program which generates an rmutt grammar, you can pipe
it through rmutt like this:

	myprogram | rmutt

Note: rmutt does not require that the names of grammar files end with
".rm" or any other specific extension.

For more information see

http://www.schneertz.com/rmutt/docs.html